[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates depart
for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Save us!
[ALL gasp]
[NAMI]
What does he mean by that?
Help us get out
of here! I beg you!
[DOLAN, BIYO]
Please, Miss!
[NARRATOR]
Nami and her group are captured
and brought to a
mysterious facility.
There, they meet a group of
children who are desperate
to escape.
[NAMI]
Damn it. We can't leave them.
[FRANKY]
Huh?
What the hell's gotten into you?
We don't even know
if they need saving!
We've just met these kids,
we don't know who they
are or why they're here!
It's not our job to help
everybody we meet!
[NAMI] I understand that, Sanji.
And I know it's risky.
But there's no way that I can
turn my back on these children!
Not when we are their
only hope of getting help!
[LUFFY] All right, guys!
Let's head thatta way!
[HYOUTAURUS]
You're not getting away.
Come back here!
[USOPP]
Ah, crap!
[ZORO]
Not that centaur again!
Now, Boss!
Finish off the intruders!
They're headed right for you!
[ZORO]
Guess that's... the Boss.
[BROWNBEARD] There's a man among
them who's carrying swords.
Is he the samurai who
attacked our people?
If so, I'll make him pay.
[BROOK] Snow! Snow!
I like playin' in the snow!
'Specially when I have no--!
Ta-dah! Snow army!
[BROOK chuckles]
Now he looks just like me!
[BROOK]
What the--? Hey!
Show yourself fiend!
Huh?
What...?
[LUFFY]
"A Swordplay Showdown!
Brook versus the
Mysterious Torso Samurai!"
[MARINE C] There's nothin' but
ice as far as the eye can see.
[MARINE B] Yeah, and there's no
point protectin' ourselves
from the gas if we
can't go ashore.
[SMOKER] Don't give up, men.
Keep searching.
[MARINE C]
Whatever you say.
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE K]
An eruption?
[MARINE A] There's somethin'
creepy about this place.
It feels like we're bein'
watched by Akainu and Aokiji.
[MARINE W gasps]
The thought gives me chills!
[MARINE X]
We should go back.
[SMOKER]
Stop the ship at once.
[MARINE C]
Huh...? What's the matter?
[SMOKER]
Over there.
[MARINE C]
Huh?
[TASHIGI]
Prepare the cannons! Fire!
[MARINE C]
That ain't gonna help,
it just nicked the surface.
[MARINES gasp, shout]
[MARINES gasps]
[MARINE C gasps]
It's a river!
[MARINES chatter]
[MARINE D] Way to go, Smokey!
That was amazin'!
[MARINE E]
I can't believe it!
How'd ya know there was a
river behind that block of ice?
[MARINE F] That was pretty
impressive, Smokey.
[MARINE G] It's like you've got
X-ray vision or somethin'!
[SMOKER] You can tell by looking
at the sea current, ya morons!
You men need to start
payin' attention.
And work on your attitudes
while you're at it.
[TASHIGI]
It is worrisome, sir.
[SMOKER]
That it is.
[MARINES]
Huh?
[SMOKER] The fact that
there was a hidden river
is not what's important.
In this situation, what really
matters is whether the ice
blocking it formed
naturally or was man-made.
[MARINE H]
Hold up, Smokey.
You mean somebody might've
been hiding the river
from us on purpose?
[MARINE C]
Come on, nobody lives here!
It's full of poisonous gas!
They'd have to be crazy to
wanna live out their days
in a gas mask!
[TASHIGI] The man on the
Snail definitely mentioned
the name of this island.
[MARINE H] You prob'ly just
misheard him, Tashigi.
Not even a Transponder Snail
could survive here!
[MARINE C laughs]
He's got a point!
[MARINES laughs]
[TASHIGI]
If you've got time to laugh,
you've got time to
break up more ice.
[MARINES]
Huh?
[MARINE C]
What in the hell is that?
[MARINE H] Holy crap!
It's a giant wall of ice!
[TASHIGI]
Our warship is strong,
but it's no match for
something that size!
[MARINE H]
What'll we do?
[MARINE A]
We've gotta destroy it! Fire!
They look like trouble.
[gasps]
[HYOUTAURUS]
Hey! Boss!
Take care of 'em
for me, would ya?
[BROWNBEARD] Heh! Then prepare
yourselves, scoundrels!
For Brownbeard is about to kick
your asses all the way to hell!
[laughs]
[LUFFY] Oh! Check it out, guys!
They're all centaurs!
Do you think they
wanna join the crew?
Are you kiddin' me?
You see those weapons?
It looks like they'd
sooner eat us alive!
I'd have to agree.
Do you think they could
be colleagues of the man
who sent out the
distress signal?
[USOPP]
Yeah. I bet they are.
We'd better clear the air
before they start attacking.
Hey, how are ya?
We're not here to cause trouble,
we're just here to help!
So whaddya say we talk this out?
You're lyin' through
your teeth, ya scallywag!
[USOPP]
Huh?
[BROWNBEARD] It's obvious
you're lookin' for a fight!
Why else would you have brought
that samurai with ya?
Wait, what "samurai"?
[ZORO]
Hm?
Hey, I think he's
talkin' about you!
Who, this guy?
He's not a samurai,
he's a swordsman!
I promise you, he's not
nearly as tough as he looks.
I mean, sure, he's a big, dumb
meathead and he gets violent
sometimes, but he's not
a murderer or anything.
Did you really just call
me a "dumb meathead"?
[USOPP] Oh no! Someone help,
he's gonna murder me!
--It was a mistake!
--[ZORO] Would you shut up?
[MALE CENTAUR A] They're
fighting amongst themselves.
It's nothin' but
a pathetic ploy!
We can't let 'em go any farther!
Dead men tell no tales!
--Shoot 'em!
--As you wish!
[ALL yell]
[CHOPPER cheers]
Okay, time to bust outta here!
Are ya with me? Let's go!
You're really fired up,
aren't ya Chopper?
You know it! Sanji trusted me
with an important mission,
that means I've gotta do my best
to protect the children!
I'll do whatever it takes
to get the job done!
Just watch me!
I'll get you outta here if
it's the last thing I do!
[SUBORDINATE A] Huh? Where are
all the children going?
[CHOPPER shouts]
[SUBORDINATES grunt]
[CHOPPER]
Ah!
Don't be scared, kids! I laugh
in the face of danger 'cause...
...I'm a man!
You're the awesomest
raccoon that ever lived!
I am not a raccoon!
I'm a reindeer, got it buddy?
[NAMI chuckles] Where do you
think we should go from here?
[CHOPPER] I'm just security,
that's up to you, 'lil lady.
Huh?
Miss, are you sure
we'll be okay?
[NAMI] Hm? Oh, I'm positive!
You don't have to worry.
We're experts at getting out of
dangerous situations.
Just relax and follow us.
[CHOPPER cheers]
Now you've made me mad!
Weapons Left!
[SUBORDINATES shouts]
[SUBORDINATES grunting]
[FRANKY laughs]
Super!
[SUBORDINATE D coughs] He's got
weapons all over his body!
[SUBORDINATE E] Yeah! He must be
the one who broke the door open!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
It sounds like you guys wanna
get to know me better.
Okay! I'll spend as much
time here as you want, bro!
[SUBORDINATE D]
Load the poison gas canisters!
The kids are gone,
the coast is clear!
Alright, fire at will!
[SUBORDINATE D grunts]
You should take off
your masks, gentlemen.
Don't you wanna smoke
poisonous gas with us?
[SUBORDINATE E]
Bastard!
Calm down, there's no
reason to get angry.
[SUBORDINATES grunting]
Heh.
He ripped our masks off!
And he broke our air tanks!
Don't use gas canisters!
[gasps] Whoa, what in the
hell are you? Sheep?
[KIN'EMON growling]
Why, you!
Just what're you
doin' down there?
Who on earth could this be?
This foe is different from
the others I've fought.
I've never been
challenged like this.
They're quite the
formidable opponent!
I've got no clue what
you're talkin' about, bro.
Sorry. My torso is
currently in battle.
[FRANKY]
Say what?
[swords clashing]
[BROOK yelps] What's going on?
I'm so confused!
Who are you and why're
you attacking me like this?
Where'd your head go?
And where are your legs?
How frightful! I don't
suppose you can speak?
[MARINE C]
Ready? Fire!
[MARINES grunt]
[TASHIGI grunts]
[MARINES gasp]
[SMOKER] We're going to reach
the end of the river soon.
[MARINE I] Really? I wonder
what we'll find there.
[SMOKER]
I've got a pretty good idea.
[swords clashing]
[BROOK gasps] You wouldn't
happen to be a ghost
by chance, would you?
If so, you need to
obey the rules!
You can't come out
during the day!
Why're you attacking me?
I didn't do anything wrong!
The only reason I came ashore
was to make a snow army!
There's no point in fighting,
why don't we build
snowmen instead?
We can make snow
sculptures if you'd li--
[yelps]
And I was being nice to you!
[BROOK gasps] That was close,
he almost had me!
I don't understand how he can
attack with such precision
when he doesn't
even have any eyes!
Oh, wait a minute.
I just remembered I don't
have any eyes either.
[chuckles nervously]
[yelps]
He's strong... and scary!
Stay back! I demand
answers from you!
Can't you at least tell me
why you wish to fight?
You asked for it:
Aubade Coup Droit!
[BROOK gasps]
[BROOK]
Two-Sword Style?
[BROOK] Okay, now he's
really starting to scare me!
I can't handle it!
He's too creepy!
And gross! Somebody save me!
[SUBORDINATE L]
You called, Master?
[CAESAR CLOWN] Yes. Did you
capture the escapees?
[SUBORDINATE L] Not yet,
but I have news about G-5, sir.
[CAESAR CLOWN scoffs]
Oh, them.
[SUBORDINATE L] I'm afraid the
poison gas didn't stop them.
[SUBORDINATE L] They've been
firing their cannons
to break through the ice floes.
They're slowly forcing
their way onto the island.
[CAESAR CLOWN gasps]
[SUBORDINATE L]
It looks like...
...they'll make their way
to the laboratory soon.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
This is quite vexing.
Why do they want to
come ashore so badly?
Do they know
something we don't?
Tell me, who is their
commanding officer?
[SUBORDINATE L]
Vice Admiral Smoker.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Oh, is that so?
Irksome, but not entirely
unexpected, I suppose.
All right, then.
Conceal the ships we have
moored at the front.
[SUBORDINATE L]
Who's gonna deal with 'em, sir?
[CAESAR CLOWN] No one is
allowed to be on this island.
That means you cannot
let them see you.
[SUBORDINATE L]
So... you'll deal with 'em?
Don't be a fool! I can't afford
to reveal myself to them!
[SUBORDINATE L]
Then what'll we do?
There's nobody else
who can stop them!
[CAESAR CLOWN grunts]
[LAW]
Ya want me to handle it?
[SUBORDINATE L]
Huh?
[MARINES grunt]
[MARINE C]
We finally made it to land.
[MARINE H] I thought I
was gonna die back there.
[TASHIGI]
This is no time to be lazy.
Besides, we just got here.
Now get up!
[MARINE N]
Don't be so hard on us.
We worked our butts off to
get here! Give us a break!
[TASHIGI]
Enough whining!
[MARINES gasp]
[TASHIGI]
Vice Admiral!
Everyone calm down.
Just as I thought.
[MARINES gasp]
There's no gas here.
[MARINES]
What?
[MARINE H] She's right, I can't
believe it! I can breathe!
There was definitely
poisonous gas earlier,
so where the hell did it go?
[SMOKER] I assume it was
released by someone
who doesn't want us here.
[MARINE H]
Whoa, who'd do that to us?
[TASHIGI] Let's search the
island and find out.
Wait, is this?
That's right, this is
Dr. Vegapunk's laboratory.
At least, it used to be.
There shouldn't be anyone here.
It was abandoned
a long time ago.
[bell buzzes]
The place still has power.
[MARINE H] Think someone
could be living here?
[MARINE S] Come out and face us!
Hurry up! What's wrong?
Are you afraid of
us or somethin'?
Y'know, we don't just have to
stand here ringin' the bell
waitin' for 'em to answer!
Nuh-uh, all we've really gotta
do is break down the door
with our cannons, Smokey--
I mean, Mr. Smoker, sir.
[MARINE T]
Anyone in there? Answer us!
[MARINE U]
Open this door, or else!
Hey, listen up!
You're trespassin'!
Nobody's allowed on this island.
I dunno who you are,
but you're under arrest!
Come out right now!
Uh-oh! Ignorin' us?
Hey, bring the cannon over here!
Maybe they'll listen if we
put a hole in the door!
No, don't!
[clanking]
[MARINES gasp]
Whoa, it opened!
Surrender at once!
Or we're comin' for ya!
[MARINES]
Huh?
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINES yell]
[LAW] So tell me, what brings
you to my vacation home...
...White Hunter?
Aw man, you gotta
be kidding me!
It can't be!
He used to be a rookie with a
440 million Berry bounty.
But now he's among them.
Dracule "Hawk-Eye" Mihawk.
The Pirate Empress Boa Hancock.
Donquixote Doflamingo.
Pirates backed by the
World Government.
The Seven Warlords!
Hello, Trafalgar Law.
[MARINES scream]
[MARINE C] We should just
go back to the ship, Smoker!
I don't want anything to do
with him after what he did!
You heard about it, didn't ya?
[MARINE C] In order to become a
member of the Seven Warlords...
[MARINE V]
Huh?
[gasps]
[MARINE C] ...he delivered the
hearts of a hundred pirates
to the Navy headquarters.
He's off the rails!
[MARINE C]
The guy's a creep!
[grunts]
[SMOKER] You wanna tell me
what you're doing here?
Surely, you're aware that no
one's allowed to step foot
on this island, Law.
Not pirates or
Government allies.
That clear?
[LAW] Hm! I see. That means
you aren't allowed either.
[NARRATOR] Law prevents
Smoker from advancing.
And with neither side
willing to cooperate,
the tension rapidly
comes to a head.
Suddenly, the straw hat
emerge from the facility
with children in tow.
Then, an unexpected move from
Law causes the conflict
to become even more explosive.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Warlord!
Trafalgar Law!"
I'm going to be
King of the Pirates!